docs: add text embeddings guide and release notes for PR #1346 (#1687)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: fern/versions/v26.04/pages/about/release-notes/index.mdx

## What's New in 26.04

### vLLM and Sentence Transformers Embedding Support (PR #1346)

Added two new embedding backends for text curation, giving users flexibility to choose the best engine for their model size and throughput needs:

- **`VLLMEmbeddingModelStage`**: A new standalone embedding stage powered by [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai/) for high-throughput GPU-accelerated inference. Supports optional pretokenization (`pretokenize=True`) for best per-task throughput. Ideal for large embedding models where vLLM's batching and memory management outperform Sentence Transformers.
- **`SentenceTransformerEmbeddingModelStage`**: A new embedding stage using the `sentence-transformers` library directly, providing native support for models from the Sentence Transformers ecosystem.

> - **`EmbeddingCreatorStage` enhancements**: Added `use_sentence_transformer` flag (defaults to `True`) to select between Sentence Transformers and HuggingFace `AutoModel` backends. Added `cache_dir` parameter for controlling model download location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`EmbeddingCreatorStage` enhancements**: Added `use_sentence_transformer` flag (defaults to `True`) to select between Sentence Transformers' `SentenceTransformer` and Hugging Face's `AutoModel` classe. Added `cache_dir` parameter for controlling model download location.
```
